I advise you to go to Taiping Street early
Get out of here
Take me to the lady
What are you?
Zhao Tiegang is not qualified to see my wife
Do you know what the Chen family does?
Say your name
I want your life
The mouth stinks, kiss you ah ah ah ah
Uh-huh.
No, no, no.
I'm from the Chen family
Who are you? Say your name
I will make you die
Who am I? I am Ouyang Feilong in the World of Records
The First Sun Hall
I want Fei Long
I really want to hear this second-hand
Are you the grandson hall master?
That's right, he is the master of the Emperor Palace
The emperor will worship him when he sees him
Ouyang Feilong, known as a new generation of legends
Others don't know
But your Chen family is the top three, you know it best
Right
Disun Hall